docs: update readme (#11)
jina-ai/jcloud: README.md

jc -h
```

> `jc` is already used by another tool like [autojump](https://github.com/wting/autojump)? Just use `jcloud`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case `jc` is already used by another command/tool, please use `jcloud` instead. 
```
